 If a bag of garbage sits around for a few days, it gets that particular odor. It doesnt matter whats in it, but it always smells the same. And it doesnt matter what you cook in a microwave, when its not cleaned for a while, it acquires that unique smell. Same with conspiracy. It has a sweet smell all its own and no matter what its comprised of, soon you are able to smell one out.
Id never met anybody like Harlan. He knew every angle, was always working. He said he read five newspapers a day. When he finished with one he sat on it and by the end of the week before recycling went out he had risen two feet. Subscribes to seemingly unrelated professional journals, monitors junk mail circulars, TV advertising, a swell in infant mortality rates in China, voting records in Washington: it was all there, the connections to be made. No such thing as coincidence. He traced patterns, made connections in global events like some people made friends on social media. 
In conversation he probed without you knowing it. He drew from a bank of shibboleths, laden terms to vet the uninitiated without their knowledge. Nothing was ever the full story, but rather pointers to the next labyrinth. Nothing is transparent, he would say, everything is layered. Uncover one lie and youll only find another truth. You have to learn to read the signs, understand how seemingly innocuous things actually play into the larger conspiracy: an empty gas station lot; a delay in trash pickup; more supposedly broken-down cars on the side of the highway one weekend than another; words that seem odd after said many times.
No family, no friends he could trust. Just before we had met he had gone underground another degree, was in hiding, off the grid, untrackable, preparing for the big day. No cell phone, no electronics, gone old school.
Something big is coming, a few years down the pike he would tell me. All the signs point to it. Havent you noticed the trends? Legalized pot, a rash of young celebrity deaths at three month intervals, chips in the debit cards, dogs in Home Depot? And most sinister: an average increase in the shoe sizes of teenagers without access to nonfluoridized well water.
Check the facts, do your research, dont follow the sheeple.
Harlan claimed he was one of many now, the soldiers lying low, waiting out these dark ages before the final war, the final attempt by the World Convergence to purge all resistance and enslave humanity forever. He would look up at me, eyebrow raised over a wide smile, "And I dont intend to be part of that."
He set protocols for our meetings, a new location each time which he relocated strategically at the last minute. Sometimes I arrived first, sometimes he was already there. He had a particular swagger when he walked in, an arch smile at the novelty of every occasion, how we were in the know. When listening to me he had a way of pulling at his chin, feeling its texture, that made whatever I said seem more insightful, that I might be at his level or at least approaching it.
Normally Harlan and I ended up where there was food: in a diner, a McDonalds, some deli or trendy place in a strip mall and at least two times a Bobs Big Boy. This time, Harlan said, we were meeting somewhere different, somewhere special. Something in his wording, how he said it in that overly casual but self conscious tone, told me I was supposed to think this was another step into initiation.
Meeting place turned out to be a Dairy Queen further out than our usual territory, way out in the thick of the western burbs, places with huge woodsy parks, deer crossing signs, stars in the sky. When I got out of my car the sun had just gone down leaving a smoldering red horizon and an added chill to the breeze. Above me flew two low chevrons of geese and their spare economic flight. Their honking seemed to come out of a silence they carried around them; it made them feel closer, almost tactile. As I got to entrance I heard further off over the tree line another flock taking off, this one huge, more hysterical, swarm-like.         
Harlan was sitting in a booth with a huge sundae, going at it like it was the only thing in the world. I knew to never use his name or any of his pseudonyms in public. In general it was understood I was not to say anything non-essential. As soon as I slid into the booth I regretted not getting something for myself. Harlan didnt look up, but worked at the contours of the plastic container with his red spoon.
Finally he looked up at me. "Sure you werent followed?" His blue eyes showing concern, earnestness, their color contrasted by the red of his drooping lower lids. Everything about him seemed to be in a losing battle against gravity: those spent eyes, the hound dog jowls, a huge gut oozing over his belt, his head sinking into his neck bookended by tense shoulders. This oppression I equated with the burden of secrets he carried, the mission. 
"Im sure." Getting there had taken twice the normal time, circling roundabouts multiple times, going down dead-end streets to see if anybody followed me. I had spent more time watching the headlights in my mirror than the road in front of me. At least once I drifted off course slightly, hitting the rumble strip, and the headlights in the mirror became spinning electrons.
"You should probably remove that radio."
"I know, I will." We had talked about it before, but I couldnt imagine not listening to music in the car so it was hard to get rid of.
His vehicle was a 1985 Dodge Diplomat. He kept sinking money into it to keep it running because, he said, cars after that year started getting too much technology built in, computers, the means to keeps tabs on you. He doesnt use EZ pass for the same reason, wont even get on a toll road, calls them "tracking roads". As a precaution he removed the original radio. You cant play it safe enough.
I looked at him trying to read any disapproval. His dark brown hair still had color, must be dyed, and he had some old school pomade parting it neatly to the side as if he never gave up grooming habits from a more innocent youth. He could be mistaken for an exhausted salesman of a specialized product, his clientele expecting a certain level of professionalism, but not needing to be especially impressed. His dress was Spartan, lots of black, some from the sporting goods department, but most from military surplus. All of these things I kept note of because I had no idea what Harlan did for a living, if he even did anything so conventional during the day as a job. It was hard to imagine him in any job, discussing the quotidian with coworkers or just putting himself out there in the world vulnerable to surveillance, abduction.
He was disciplined enough to speak without gesturing. "What do you think about that white van parked over there thats been there for over an hour?"
"I suppose youve kept track of everybody coming and going?"
"Yep. Van belongs to nobody here."
"What about employees?"
"Two people, girl cashier and kid flipping burgers in the back. Their vehicles are on the side where they tell the employees to park."
I said nothing, just thought about the van, how I had not even considered it suspicious, would never have done so, and the degree to which I was blind to whats going on around me.
Harlan shrugged and held back a smile. "Its probably nothing." 
I knew he didnt mean that. Nothing was ever "nothing". That meant he was sure it was something, but didnt want to cause me any alarm or distract us from our more immediate task.
He poked at the all-but-licked empty container with his spoon in thought then said, "Youre only this far with me tonight because now Im eighty percent sure youre not with them. Ive been expecting the ham network to be infiltrated, figured it might be you."
Ham: amateur radio. Thats where we met. Couple of years ago I had mentioned some new ideas Id heard about the Princess Diana assassination, Harlan had heard me, but wasnt going to talk about it on the air. He paid attention in future network meetings. He was patient, asked the right questions and I answered them. I had mentioned the author of a Diana book was speaking at a bookstore in the city and that I was going. At the reading he singled me out, sat down next to me and after some small talk asked if I was into ham radio. Never figured out exactly how he picked me out. After the authors talk we sat in the coffee bar and talked shop, ham radio mostly, but soon the conversation went to governmental eavesdropping: the municipal change from analog to digital, the miles of fiber optic cable going into homes. Harlan leaned over the little cafe table, "Got a friend who spent some time working in communications. Its a two way street now, they can retrieve data, spy on you in your home, even manipulate the digital images." Said he thinks they even got into even ham, said that hes been detecting subtle patterns in the so-called white noise. 
We knew we were kindred spirits from that day and soon were having our rendezvous. 
Harlan wiped his mouth with the little paper napkin and stuffed it in the container. "I only have a few more checks to run. What Im going to show you next time is only a side project Im letting you in on. Share the work, you know." 
"I understand." 
It was another dictum of his: trust nobody. Nobody.
We spent an hour talking about the recent school massacre Harlan was sure was completely fabricated. Harlan had nothing but contempt for the shoddy way They tried to pull it off. That sneer of his, the corner of his mouth cocked back, the eye above it gone half mast. "A basic search of the so-called victims shows they never existed. Like clockwork the politicians and demagogues are on the news calling for arms control. The next move of the Convergence to disarm the Resistance. Knight to F three. Italian variation. Been there, done that." Harlan shoved his empty sundae container away as if the actual object of his scorn. He did it with more force than he meant and it tipped over, the spoon falling out and rattling on the table. He crossed his hands atop his stomach in regained composure and continued with the chess analogy, "Were staying a couple of moves ahead, we just have to fight all the pawns. Huh," he waved the air in front of him, "you know what I mean." 
I did. By pawns he meant the sheeple, the masses brainwashed and docile, lining up to serve the Convergence and then be slaughtered by it.
As we got our coats on to leave he said, "I want to surveil that van. You go across to the gas station. Be prepared to follow if I dont. If I do you remain five minutes to make sure nothing funny happens here. For future reference this is Maneuver Kappa, you got that?"
"Got it."
I pulled in the Sunoco cater-cornered to the now closing and darkened Dairy Queen and backed in among the cars awaiting service. Despite the cold I cut off the ignition so my exhaust would not reveal me. I got out a huge woolen blanket in the back seats I kept for such situations, and such situations have become more common since Ive met Harlan. Busying myself in hiding, I didnt see where Harlan had gone, but suspected he was expertly hidden somewhere out there. 
Sometime after eleven a pickup pulled up and let a guy out. He wore dirty jeans and brown work boots. His breath showed how cold it had gotten and he did a little Im cold dance while saying goodbye to the pickup which left the parking lot and turned eastbound. He got in the dark van, started it up and after a minute doing who knows what, his reverse lights came on and he left the lot in the opposite direction of the pickup. I was just putting my car in gear when I saw Harlans old Diplomat pull out across the street from behind a restaurant and follow the van at a discreet distance.
That feeling swelled in me, the feeling that we were on to something big, something true, something majestic. The feeling that has an aroma all its own.
One of the first things Harlan told me was to look up "conspiracy" in the dictionary, find the origins of the word. Always get as close as you can to the source was his mantra. 
Latin: conspirare, to breathe together, that is, to act in harmony.

~~~~~~~~~~

Ive always thought I had a special calling, the sense I was somehow meant to do something that others werent, something grand that would make an impact, that would resonate and reside in the stories fathers tell their sons. Growing up there was a distance between me and others, friends, peers, my family. I was the black sheep, the loner, the not pictured in the yearbook. I always suspected I was adopted.
I hoped to turn that all around and that this night would be the start of that. Everything felt right.
We met at that same Dairy Queen. He had a milk shake and I a dipped cone. Not many words that night for it was to be one of action.
Finally Harlan slid himself out of the booth with three heavy shifts. "Ill drive."
Outside little daylight remained. Countering the encroaching darkness the parking lot light flickered on a bluish fluorescent. It was as if it detected us and our mission.
The cold followed us into his car which smelled of farts and fast food. Harlan started the engine and revved its engine. Nothing of interest sitting about the old car. Cracked leather, faux wood highlights, chipping chrome. A hole in the dash where a radio would have been. The fabric from the ceiling had loosened and sagged down, scraping my head, but remaining just above Harlans. A shopping bag hung from a knob for trash, mostly Arbys.
The drive took about half an hour. By now it was dark. I had suspected sunset determined when we met at Dairy Queen. He took a circuitous route, dark back roads that allowed him to check for any tails, watching his rear view mirror for headlights. I knew he was also listening for helicopters, low flying single engine planes. Drones. 
"Anything?" I asked.
"No, looks clear."
A mile later he abruptly switched off his headlights, turned right into an even smaller side road, and made a three-point turn to face the road from which we had come.
"They sometimes kill their lights and follow with night vision goggles." 
I smiled in admiration. He was extremely thorough. Its the complacent ones, the sloppy ones, that get tracked instead of doing the tracking. It was all a cat and mouse game but of a higher variety. He must have hated me knowing what he knew, his techniques, his level of caution. Eighty percent sure of me he said. That meant he had to consider I had a tracking device on me or that I would leave one in his car. Hed probably remove the seats when he got home, scan it with anti-bugging tech.
When he finally pulled over we were on the crest of a hill overlooking a four lane highway. I recognized it as the same road the Dairy Queen was on only one mile east. He pulled over and killed the engine. Silence settled in around us, just the smooth swoosh of light traffic on the main road below us and some dings of his engine cooling down. To our right was a huge arable field, to the left a cyclone fence reclaimed in parts by jungle-like overgrowth now dormant brown for the winter. Down the road a bit further was a huge storage shed used by the townships to store road salt. It too was surrounded by a fence, but it was well-maintained.
"Look back there." He gestured to his rear left.
I turned. Darkness, nothing much to see. Upwards though, where the treetops formed a ragged horizon below the purpled evening sky, there stood something symmetrical, something solid.
"You see it?"
"Yeah."
"Youre looking at the so-called Nike Missile Base, designated PH-75. Constructed 1955, closed --supposedly-- 1968."
I said nothing. I got that feeling though, the tingling up my back and the heaviness in my gut that are the reasons I do this. Its adrenaline, my body putting itself on guard against danger, its knowing Ive crossed another line into what is hidden and forbidden.
"This is actually the control site, the launch site is down there." He pointed in front of us to a well-lit place across the highway. "Too hot down there. Up here my cover is astronomy. I have a telescope in the trunk. Great place for stargazing, one of the higher points around. Thats why the radar was up here. Down there, thats an active army base."
"Who supposedly owns this land now?"
He laughed a little. "Township is their cover story." Now he pointed to the salt shed pyramid. "Great cover though and no accident. Gotta hand it to them. Those salt cones, perfect cover. Who would doubt them, who would think twice about it. You look in you see plow trucks, yellow municipal vehicles. Never mind the salt level never changes, that you never see whats underneath it." He laughed again and shook his head looking at the salt pile like a parent appreciates a childs messy attempt at mimicking adult creations.
Then I swore I heard the vibrating of a cell phone, padded, but just noticeable, like it had traveled through the spring in the seat and up my spine. But he always said they were the worst liability, might as well wear a neon sign, that hed never have one. I looked over at him. If it was him he was poker-facing through it, a slight smile on his face as he regarded the scene before us. Maybe it was something else. It could have been in my head, maybe the palpable buzz of paranoia that had suddenly overtaken me like a malevolent deity.
We sat in silence for another few minutes, then he started up again. "Ive been keeping an eye on this place for almost twenty years now. I figure their underground bunker goes down maybe five, six stories, then the main tunnel runs right under the highway to their main base. Another underground complex. Ive seen truckloads of troops enter, tanks even, but drive by and the place looks deserted, a few buildings. Ive seen the official blueprints for these operations, your basic Nike missile site, and they admit to a few rooms underground because they had no choice. Typical. Admit a fraction of the truth and people will leave you alone to do whatever you want." 
I had once as a younger man felt my parents bodies had been replaced by strangers. They called the police, then the memory gets fuzzy after that. I think I thought the police were part of the plot, resisted arrest, ended up in the hospital. Spoke to some doctors, was given prescriptions which made me feel tired so Id never take them.
Harlan pointed, "In the daytime you can see an active radio tower sticking up out of the woods, horribly camouflaged. Now why would that be over here if this site is supposedly deactivated? And why isnt anybody asking why its still surrounded by a fence, why it hasnt been dismantled, paved over? They cant use the missile cover story these days. They had it easy back then. Communism was the bogeyman to distract the masses, now they dont have one. But dont worry, theyll find one. Arabs, Chinese, pollution, junk food. The rest of the people are complacent, but our numbers are growing. Someday well expose something they cant deny, well break open their whole operation. Then theyll have to either try to control us overtly or surrender. But I doubt theyll do that."
Fear was paralyzing my body, a medusan petrification. I felt if I even moved some terrible violence would be unleashed upon me. Harlans voice was sounding distant but louder at the same time. I barely knew what he was saying. If it werent for that run-in years back with the cops I would have bought a gun and Id be gripping it then and there. But after the hospital I was put on some list so all I had was a buck knife which I had in my hand and ready to flick open when needed.
"I figure if we got a guy over that fence, poke around well at least confirm an entrance, some portal."
Was he suggesting I climb the fence since he clearly couldnt? Or was I his patsy, his test subject to see how well the place was watched, if Id be picked up. Maybe this was what Harlan did, recruited young men, made them think they were proteges, but they are actually cannon fodder in his great battles against the Convergence. Maybe I should be more cautious, maybe I should have thought twice about driving out to a desolate spot with a man I really didnt know. This could be where he dumps bodies. How perfect it would be. How many connections were there that would link him to me? The very precautions I took to protect myself in meeting him could actually be his design to leave no trail. With my right hand I touched the reassuring shape of the knife.   
He checked his rear view mirror, then over his left shoulder as if he sensed something, but then set his wet eyes on the salt pile. "Like I said, this is just a minor operation, nothing like D.I.A."
I knew what he meant: Denver International Airport, the likely launching place and headquarters of the New World Order. Probably their largest underground complex.
"Some guys I know are planning an assault, going in videoing the whole thing live, expose it all..."
Paranoia is useful, its ones subconscious radar for detecting danger. Last time I got such an intense feeling I was researching 9/11 conspiracies, stuff about the fictitious passenger manifests, the fake crew. Out of nowhere this same dread descended, a complete transformation of the senses. I knew I was being watched so I went to the window and peeked out the curtains. Across the street: a black SUV with darkened windows, one Id never seen around before. I immediately logged off my computer, unplugged it, removed the battery and SIM card from my phone, and just as I did, the truck pulled away. Yes, paranoia has its purpose and its objects are real.
Harlans words had taken on an robotic quality, like a microphone on the fritz and revealing its artificiality, its dehumanization. I felt he was just stalling, keeping me in place for whatever was to come.
Fight or flight I knew. Just as he looked away I yanked open the door and spilled out into a run across the field. Just ran, didnt look back. I heard him call, "Steve! Whats wrong? Steve!" Steve of course is not my real name, but the alias I used with Harlan just as Harlan must be his. 
I changed the direction of my run in case any bullets came my way. Got over a hill and out of his view. Enough moonlight to see the ground but once I got into the woods it was complete darkness. I leaned against a tree panting,  considered they might use thermal-imaging to find me. Then I heard the helicopter itself as if summoned by my thoughts of it. It was coming from the direction of the army base, getting louder. I could see its light, heading toward those woods. I ran but collided with a tree, then huddled down gripping my open knife hoping for the best, but ready to fight to the death.

~~~~~~~~~~

My life had always just drifted along, I never saw any of the forces shaping it. I never understood my loneliness. Other people were a mystery to me. Why were other people together while I had nobody? They find others, they grow, they network, but I feel like Ive been slowly fading, that Ill just disappear one day and nobody will know, the world will just go on as if I never existed. My neighbors in my apartment building say things like, "Oh, I thought you moved out." Years back I thought things might change, that there might be the possibility of a wife, a family in my future. Her name was Ginger.
I had one date with Ginger, had to ask her out a handful of times before she agreed. Went to the restaurant where she waitressed every night until she gave in. Told her I had tickets to the Nutcracker downtown. Thats what finally convinced her. Between the dining out and the tickets my credit card became overburdened but I figured it was worth it. Ginger was better looking than I could normally ever hope for.
Driving my rusting Honda I picked her up at the small house where she lived with her mom. I had never seen her in anything but her work uniform but figured she was so good looking she couldnt mess it up, that she made anything she wore look better, not the other way around. When I got there she came out wearing red heels, spandex and a sculpted helmet of hair spray even though we were going to see the Nutcracker. Maybe she thought that was a band. She was definitely not an intellectual, but who needs brains with an appearance that transfixes the eye and can get whatever it wants. 
Tried, but failed making small talk as we drove downtown. Let her find something on the radio. When we arrived I thought she would be impressed by my parking space ethic: that I would never pay more than a small handful of quarters to park, never would I patronize a rapacious garage or parking lot. Couldnt find a spot close by though, circled the blocks for a while. She offered to pay for the nearby lot, but I refused. Found a spot far away and we had to hustle to make the show on time. She seemed to enjoy the show. I spent half the time watching her, falling in love, imagining going out with her, proposing.
When the show was over we ate cheap and got what we paid for. We chewed without commentary, tried not to watch the TVs above the bar, then she found a shard of glass at the bottom of our carafe of house white. I offered to make a stink, to demand just restitution, but she insisted it was okay. 
After the restaurant we headed for my car, but I couldnt find it. She argued that it was East of Broad, I insisted it was West. In the area I claimed it would be there were some shady characters huddling on the steps of a brownstone, smoking, whispering to one another then hushing as we passed them. We circled the blocks until her heels killed her, all the while menaced by thunder rattling the outskirts of the muggy city. Finally found the car in a place I know I did not park it. On the way out of the city the downpour came. My defrosters didnt work so I had to keep wiping the fogging windshield with a rag and keep my window partly down. Ginger held on like she thought she was going to die.
She and I ended up sitting in my car licking ice cream cones in the downpour, the rain hammering on the metal roof so loudly I thought it might be hail. It might sound romantic to some, the successful salvaging of a failed date, roughing it, improvising, but it wasnt, it was claustrophobic, an excruciating inability to converse. I thought I could make up for it with soul-baring, going deep instead of scavenging for offal. I thought honesty, transparency were what people valued, that women liked a man who could show his feelings. I came out with it, told her with a softened voice how I wasnt like other people, I was different, like nobody Ive ever met, and she shouldnt be surprised if some day she hears about me. I told her Im just getting started, it was only a matter of time until I collided with a greater fate and all my potential would be released. When I turned from my cone to check her reaction she had paused in her cone work and was frozen, unsettled and staring at me with round owl eyes, wondering what exactly I was trying to tell her. Finally she said she had to get up early the next day and could I take her home. I dropped her off, and after she thanked me and said goodbye, she went into her house and I never saw or heard from her again.
After that things got worse. My grand destiny seemed unlikely to ever come. I didnt so much hate my life so much as I came to feel life hated me. There was not going to be a wife, family, regular life. I stopped seeing old friends of mine. They were guys I had hung out with and had some things in common--Dungeons and Dragon, hockey, vintage pinball machines, amateur radio. They began talking about me when I wasnt around, would make gestures behind my back, let me be in their company as an inside joke, something to laugh about after I left.
Better off without them I told myself. Whatever fate had in store for me wasnt compatible with those guys. Problem was I didnt know what to do, where to turn. I went through periods of depression, thought a lot about suicide. Couldnt keep a job, couldnt deal with people, the normal world. I realized that such a life was not for me, but still I despaired over what was for me.
Just in time, and thanks to the internet, I found things that made sense. One website led to another and I found others whose sense of the world as a facade hiding the deeper currents was the same as mine. That was the first step in my recovery and ascension to truth: understanding that there wasnt something wrong with me, but with the world. I had been living in illusion like everybody else, trying to make sense of what was presented to me despite its gaps, contradictions, and the sense that it was somehow unnatural, unfulfilling. To renounce my role as one of the sheeple, was the best thing that ever happened to me. I was a fool to still think people like Ginger could understand me. Where there had been chaos, there was order and I followed that scent down its dark alleys.
Harlan was down one of those alleys. I thought I had finally found my vocation, thought I was getting close to the truth. But I had much to learn. He had lulled me in, got me feeling comfortable, set me up. He was part of the very conspiracy I was investigating. How deep it ran, how cunning they are!
 Its been another major paradigm shift, but I can finally see the mistake I had been making. I had to learn to trust nobodyHarlan had said it himself. I had always let myself be at the mercy of those who pretended to be my friend but had other designs all along. It was time to take definitive action, to turn things around, time to take the offensive.


~~~~~~~~~~

Judging from the amount of Arbys trash in Harlans car I figured he went there regularly. We never met there though, must be too close to his headquarters. Theres only one Arbys nearby and I only had to stake it out a couple of days before he drove through in his Dodge. He came around to the pick-up window, took his bag and pulled out to the street. I lowered myself in my seat. While pulling out into the street Harlan lifted what I expected to be food to his face, but it wasnt. It was a cell phone. Harlan had said he had no cell phone, but there he was jawing away into it. I let that sink in as I pulled into traffic far behind him.
He didnt even drive a deceptive route, none of the tricks I had expected. He drove into a neighborhood and turned into a driveway. I stayed back, gave him some time then pulled up closer to his house, hiding much of my car behind a van also parked there. I put the car in park and turned off the engine, chakras of hair-raising paranoia tingling up into my skull.
The house was like every other one on the street. Brick Cape Cod, green lawn, sidewalk, mailbox, garage. Classic suburbs. In the driveway sat a brand new Ford, bumper-to-bumper electronics and even an EZ pass on the windshield. His Dodge was parked further back and I noticed the ham radio antenna rising from the garage.
Less than half an hour passed and there was Harlan, carrying potting soil from the garage. Walking in front of him was obviously his wife. He had an uxorious spring to his step, only slightly begrudging the weighty bag, would rather be doing other things but not letting her see that. She had gardening gloves on and put her arms akimbo as she evaluated the weedy bed in front of the house. He waited patiently, finally easing the heavy bag onto the ground when he saw she wasnt making any decision any time soon. She went in the front door all of a suddenmaybe the phone was ringingand he walked back in the direction of the garage.
I approached him as he arranged a glut of rakes and hoes and shovels in the corner of the open garage.
"I suppose this is all a cover? 
He lurched around and looked at me. The only way to describe his reaction was horror, flabbergasted horror.
"What the hell are you doing here?"
"The car is not your car? Your wife is not really your wife?"
He instinctively looked toward the door at the side of the house, his shoulders hunched down like a caught dog.
"Listen pal, you cant be here. You gotta go." He came toward me and put a hand on my shoulder to steer me back the way I came. "Abort. Scramble. Youre outside parameters. Come on, out." He looked back at the house again, trying to discern his wife behind the glare-streaked storm door.
I shook off his hand and held my ground. "I need to know who youre working for."
He guided me out of sight around the side of the garage, pointed a finger at me. "Youre out of line buddy."
"No, youre out of line. I want some answers."
He got red in the face, "You better get out of here now or Im going to call the police!"
I stared, trying to read the Harlan I thought I knew behind his mask of rage, looking for any sign that this was an act, a cover.
His wifes voice called from somewhere out there. He started to panic, changed tack, softened his tone. "Come on, well meet up at Dairy Queen and work all this out"
I pushed him up against the garage and put my buck knife in his face, caught some of his hot scared breath, saw the realization contract those hound dog eyes.
"Steve, its okay."
"How far have they gotten? What about Ginger?"
"Come on. This was just play, having fun."
Cutting his fat throat was easier than I had imagined. My knife blade was sharp, half the incision made just from the pressure I had exerted before slicing hard and fast. Then the dark blood just poured out of his throat, down his neck, down under his blue buttoned-down shirt. His hands went up to the wound as if to stop the flow, pressed in on the incision as if to reverse time and ensure himself this was all a simple mistake. Continents of blood were forming around his chest, stomach, they pooled and leaked at the belt line until his entire front was a dark Pangaea. The amount of blood was so astounding I might as well have turned him inside out.
He slid down the side of the garage slowly as if tired after a long day, settling in for one of our talks. Now he was looking at me in disbelief, in awe I imagine that I had seen through him and his plots, that he never actually had the upper hand on me. He fell over making gurgling sounds, curled up and was still. 
His wife was calling for him as I made my way back to the car. I drove back the way I had come, passed the Arbys and headed South on secondary roads toward that tiny house where I last dropped off Ginger. I had followed all the rules, left no traces. I had my exit strategy, now Ill be going underground.

